DID YOU SAY CROWLER
AND BONAPARTE ARE
GETTING FIRED!?
YUP AND AFTER WHAT
THEY DID TO THIS SCHOOL
I'M SURPRISED
THAT'S ALL SHEPPARD'S
DOING TO PUNISH THEM!
SERVES 'EM RIGHT.
IT'S THEIR FAULT THAT
SARTORIUS AND HIS GOONS
ARE CRAMPIN' EVERYONE'S
STYLE.
AND NEED I POINT OUT CHAZZ,
YOU WERE ONE OF THOSE GOONS.
IF I WERE THOSE TWO
I'D BE DOIN' SOME
SERIOUS KEISTER-KISSIN'
RIGHT ABOUT NOW.
Lindo: I WORK
FOR PRINCE OJIN
AND SOMETHING'S GONE
WRONG SIR!
WHEN HE FACED SARTORIUS
THE TWO OF THEM MADE A BET.
A BET?
YES, THE PRINCE
WAGERED OUR LASER
SATELLITE AND LOST!
NOW IT BELONGS
TO SARTORIUS!
WHAT?!
I'VE GOT TO DO SOMETHING.
WELL THIS
SETTLES IT!
YA SEE THESE!?
PROOF THAT I'M
SUPERIOR TO YOU
IN EVERY WAY!
OH PLEASE.
SOMEONE WHO CAN'T EVEN REACH
THE ELEVATOR BUTTONS IS
SUPERIOR TO ME!?
THAT WAS LOW CROWLER!
NO WHAT'S
LOW IS YOU!
LOW TO THE
GROUND THAT IS!
Bonaparte: OH YEAH!?
AT LEAST I DON'T LOOK
LIKE A CLOWN ON STILTS!
WHAT DID I DO TO DESERVE
THESE TWO BUFFOONS?
LOOK SHRIMP!
AT LEAST I DIDN'T WIN
MINE FROM FRESHMEN!
I KNOW!
THAT'S BECAUSE
THEY'D BEAT YOU!
YOUR LAST MEDAL
CAME FROM A
FOUR-YEAR-OLD!
HE WAS FIVE!
THAT'S ENOUGH!
SETTLE THIS
ON YOUR OWN TIME!
WHICH YOU'LL HAVE PLENTY OF,
'CAUSE I WANT YOU OUT!
AND DON'T COME BACK!
Both: WE'VE JUST BEEN FIRED!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
WELL, OFF TO THE
UNEMPLOYMENT LINE.
THIS IS JUST LIKE
THE FALL OF NAPOLEON.
THE END OF
A GLORIOUS ERA!
[SIGH]
HEY DR. C!
HUH?
HEY MR. B!
SO WHAT'S UP WITH
THE LONG FACES?
WHO US?
WE'RE FINE.
WAIT A SEC!
YOU GOT FIRED DIDN'T YOU!
AAH!
AM I RIGHT?
WHO TOLD YOU!?
DOES ANYONE
ELSE KNOW!?
THE WHOLE SCHOOL
KINDA KNOWS.
THEY LOOK LIKE
THEY'VE SEEN A GHOST.
CORRECTION.
THEY LOOK LIKE
THEY ARE GHOSTS!
WOE IS MOI!
IT'S NOT FAIR!
HOW WILL I EVER
SUPPORT MYSELF!?
AND WHAT ABOUT ME!?
THESE FANCY CLOTHES DON'T
BUY THEMSELVES YOU KNOW!
Chazz: ARE THESE
GUYS FOR REAL?
Crowler: NOW WHAT?
YOO-HOO!
HELLO, DOWN THERE!
LOOK, IT'S
THAT PEGASUS GUY.
YUP!
IN THE FLESH!
WHY'D HE
COME BACK?
Bonaparte:
I CAN'T SEE
THROUGH MY TEARS.
IS IT TRUE?
IT'S MAXIMILLION ALRIGHT.
PRESIDENT OF INDUSTRIAL
ILLUSIONS AND CREATOR
OF DUEL MONSTERS.
PERHAPS THEY'RE HIRING!
I'VE HEARD HIS COMPANY'S
HEALTH BENEFITS ARE
TRES MAGNIFIQUE!
Jaden: MR. PRESIDENT!
WHAT BRINGS YA
BACK SO SOON?
EVERYTHING ALRIGHT?
ACTUALLY THAT'S WHAT
I'M HERE TO FIND OUT.
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD
CALLED ME
AND IT SOUNDED
QUITE URGENT.
Bonaparte: DON'T GO!
YOU'VE GOT TO
HIRE US!
NO JOB IS TOO SMALL!
WE'LL EVEN ANSWER
YOUR PHONES FOR
PETE'S SAKE!
YOU HEAR THAT?
WE HAVE PROCEDURES
FOR THESE THINGS!
NOW OUT OF MY WAY!
YOU DON'T
UNDERSTAND!
WE'RE DESPERATE MEN,
PEGASUS.
YES, THAT MUCH
IS OBVIOUS!
NOW I SUGGEST YOU FILL
OUT AN APPLICATION.
Crowler: I'M NOT SURE YOU'RE
UNDERSTANDING THE GRAVITY
OF THE SITUATION HERE!
Bonaparte:
WE'LL DO ANYTHING!
SWEEP THE FLOORS, PICK UP
YOUR DRY CLEANING...
IS THIS A DREAM?
IT FEELS MORE LIKE
A NIGHTMARE TO ME.
IT REMINDS ME
OF THIS ONE TIME
AT DUEL CAMP...
SPARE US, SOLDIER.
MAYBE I SHOULD WARN
SHEPPARD ABOUT THIS.
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU?
JUST SO YA KNOW...
MAXIMILLION PEGASUS IS HERE.
AHHH, ESCORT HIM TO
MY OFFICE IF YA'
DON'T MIND.
WELL THE THING IS...
FOR THE LAST TIME,
LET ME GO!
Crowler: NEVER.
Bonaparte: NOT UNTIL
YOU GIVE US JOBS.
[LAUGHTER]
ALRIGHT FINE!
YOU'RE BOTH HIRED!
OH HAPPY DAY!
MERCI
BEAUCOUP!
HOLD ON.
FIRST YOU MUST PROVE
YOURSELF BY DEFEATING ME!
HOW'S THAT?
YOU MEAN IN A DUEL!?
WELL I DON'T MEAN IN
A BAKE-OFF!
AND SINCE I'M SHORT
ON TIME...
I'LL DUEL BOTH
OF YOU AT ONCE!
NOW THERE'S AN
UNEXPECTED TWIST.
ACTUALLY I SAW
THIS COMING.
WELL EITHER WAY...
IT'S A DUEL
WE DON'T WANNA MISS!
Jaden: SORRY, SHEP!
I GOTTA RUN! T T Y L!
T T WHAT!?
ALRIGHT MONSIEUR...
OUR CAREERS
ARE ON THE LINE.
SO NO FAUX PAS!
WE CAN WIN THIS DUEL
TOUT DE SUITE
IF WE PLAY OUR
CARDS RIGHT!
OH JUST SHUT UP.
YOU THINK PEGASUS
CAN TAKE 'EM BOTH?
OF COURSE.
I MEAN
HE'S PEGASUS.
SERIOUSLY...HE ONLY
INVENTED THE GAME.
THOSE TWO WANNABES
DON'T HAVE A CHANCE.
All: LET'S DO THIS!
MONSTER NUMBER UN!
MY TRUSTY TOY SOLDIER!
MY TURN IS FINIT.
Crowler: MONSTER
NUMBER DEUX!
MY ANCIENT GEAR
SOLDIER IN ATTACK MODE.
NOW MY TURN IS FINIT!
WAIT, THAT'S ALL
THEY'RE GONNA DO!?
THAT'S ALL THEY CAN DO!
WHAT HAPPENED, DID
YA MISS THAT CLASS?
IT'S LIKE THIS:
YOU SEE IN
A TRIANGLE DUEL
YOU CAN'T ATTACK
ON THE FIRST MOVE.
AFTER THAT,
IT'S ALL CLEAR!
LET THE FUN BEGIN.
LET'S UP THE STAKES, SHALL WE?
AT THE END OF THE DUEL...
WHICHEVER ONE OF YOU HAS
MORE LIFE POINTS LEFT...
WILL RECEIVE A HIGHER
POSITION AT MY COMPANY.
HEY!
NOW, OF COURSE -
THIS ONLY APPLIES
IF THE TWO OF YOU CAN
ACTUALLY DEFEAT ME.
OTHERWISE NO JOB.
ARE WE TALKING
BIGGER SALARY,
LESS HOURS AND
MORE BENEFITS?
AND MORE
VACATION DAYS, RIGHT?
SURE WHY NOT.
YOU WON'T WIN.
LET'S MOVE ON.
I SUMMON MY TOON
ALLIGATOR IN DEFENSE MODE.
ISN'T THAT A CUTE
LITTLE GATOR.
DUDE, DID YOU
JUST SAID "CUTE?"
Pegasus: I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
INTERESTING CHOICE,
PEGASUS.
Crowler: BONAPARTE.
HMM?
ABOVE ALL ELSE
REMEMBER...WE'RE A TEAM!
SO LET'S DO THIS TOGETHER!
...WHICHEVER ONE OF YOU HAS
MORE LIFE POINTS LEFT...
WILL RECEIVE A HIGHER
POSITION AT MY COMPANY.
I ACTIVATE...
TOY SOLDIER'S
SPECIAL EFFECT!
WHENEVER MY
MINI-MILITANT
IS FACE-UP
DURING MY STAND-BY
PHASE...
THEN I'M ALLOWED TO
PLAY...
ANY OTHER TOY SOLDIERS
THAT I HAVE IN MY DECK!
SO NOW I SUMMON TWO MORE
TO MY FRONT LINE!
AND NEXT I ACTIVATE...
MY FORCED MARCH SPELL.
YOU'VE DONE SOMETHING
RIGHT FOR A CHANGE.
NOW YOU JUST NEED TO
CUT YOUR SOLDIERS'
STRENGTH IN HALF...
AND THEY CAN
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
READY!?
NOW TAKE AIM, BOYS.
AND FIRE!
OH!
ALRIGHT...SOLDIER
NUMBER DEUX, FIRE!
OH!
WONDERFUL!
THERE'S STILL ONE SHOT LEFT!
YES!
AND THIS ONE'S FOR YOU!
FIRE!
AAH!
THAT HURT.
WE'RE ON
THE SAME TEAM!
YOU VERTICALLY
CHALLENGED OAF!
LOOK, CROWLER...
I WANT THAT JOB!
THE ONE WITH
THE CORNER OFFICE
AND MAHOGANY DESK!
THAT JOB IS MINE!
Pegasus, voice-over:
HA HA HA!
LOOKS LIKE LAUREL
AND HARDY
DON'T LIKE EACH OTHER
VERY MUCH.
I CAN USE THAT
TO MY ADVANTAGE.
Crowler: TWO CAN PLAY AT
THIS GAME, SHORTY.
I SUMMON ANOTHER
GEAR SOLDIER!
DOUBLE THE
DESTRUCTIVE
POWER
DOUBLE THE FUN!
THEN FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE MY ANCIENT
GEAR EXPLOSIVE SPELL CARD.
NOW WHICH ONE
OF YOU SHOULD
BE THE TARGET
OF ITS EFFECT?
HALF OF MY SOLDIER'S
ATTACK POINTS WILL COME OUT
OF SOMEONE'S LIFE POINTS!
AND I CHOOSE PEGASUS!
NOW SOLDIER...ATTACK
HIM DIRECTLY WITH RAPID
FIRE FLURRY!
WHAT THE--
EXCELLENT CHOICE!
NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL
TEAMWORK, MON FRERE!
THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK,
YOU PUDGY LITTLE TRAITOR YOU!
GRRR.
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING!?
IF WE WANT THOSE JOBS
WE HAFTA WORK TOGETHER!
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO
DECLARED WAR ON ME!
BESIDES, I CAN'T LET
YOU GET YOUR STUBBY
LITTLE FINGERS
ON MY BONUS CHECK!
IF THIS
KEEPS UP
THEY'LL
NEVER WIN!
THAT'S' WHY PEGASUS
TURNED 'EM AGAINST
EACH OTHER.
GIMME A BREAK.
THEY WOULDA LOST ANYWAY.
HOW DID THESE TWO
EVER RUN OUR SCHOOL?
IT BOGGLES THE MIND.
Bonaparte: WHY DON'T YOU
JUST COME OUT AND SAY IT?
FINE! THIS LITTLE
PARTNERSHIP IS OVER!
SO FROM NOW ON THIS IS WAR!
FINE BY MOI!
I'M FINALLY FREE!
NO MORE CROWLER
TO HOLD ME BACK!
YOU'LL BE BEGGING FOR
MY HELP, LITTLE MAN.
WOULD YOU COME ON!
I'M ALREADY FIFTEEN
MINUTES LATE FOR MY MEETING!
NOW THAT THAT'S
OFF MY CHEST...
TIME TO WRAP
THIS DUEL UP!
AND NOW I CORDIALLY
INVITE YOU BOTH
TO JOIN ME FOR
A TRIP TO TOON LAND!
Both: TO TOON LAND?!
SO WHAT'S "TOON LAND?"
YOU'RE KIDDING RIGHT?
I REMOVE FIVE
CARDS FROM MY DECK!
THIS LETS ME PLAY...
A SPELL CARD KNOWN
AS TOON KINGDOM!
DO YOU KNOW WHAT I
LOVE ABOUT CARTOONS?
ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN.
AS A MATTER OF FACT
IT USUALLY DOES.
SO FIRST, I SACRIFICE
TOON ALLIGATOR.
IN ORDER TO BRING OUT
TOON DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
HA HA HA!
SHE'S PRETTY CUTE
DONCHA THINK!?
YA KNOW...FOR
A CARTOON.
I JUST CAN'T GET
ENOUGH OF MY TOONS!
THEY SHOW UP AND
HILARITY ENSURES!
HEE HEE HEE!
Pegasus: BUT
DON'T BE FOOLED
BY THEIR ADORABLE
APPEARANCE.
THEY CAN ALSO BE
QUITE DANGEROUS!
OH, MAGICIAN GIRL...
ATTACK MISTER
CROWLER DIRECTLY,
WON'T YOU!?
HA!
AAH!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE THE
SPELL CARD SHADOW TOON.
THIS LETS ME SELECT
A MONSTER FROM YOUR SIDE,
AND THEN DISH
OUT SOME DIRECT DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE!
I'LL CHOOSE...THAT ANCIENT
GEAR SOLDIER OF YOURS.
OH NO!
NOW ATTACK
MONSIEUR BONAPARTE!
EEE EEE EEE EEE!
AAH!
WHAT A MOVE!
THAT'S ONE FORTIFIED DECK!
DUH! JUST LIKE I SAID.
YA JUST DON'T
MESS WITH PEGASUS.
THIS IS HIS GAME!
LUCKY SHOT.
THIS IS YOUR FAULT!
WHY'D YOU HAFTA GO
AND WEAKEN MY
DEFENSES!??
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO
STARTED ALL THIS!
AND I'M GONNA FINISH IT!
NOW STAY OUT OF MY WAY!
AND WATCH HOW IT'S
DONE, MON AMI!
I PLAY...
A DEVASTATING
SPELL CARD
CALLED THE CROWNING
OF THE EMPEROR!
SO I SACRIFICE
A TOY SOLDIER
AND SUMMON TOY EMPEROR
TO MY FRONT LINE.
NOW TRAMPLE THAT TOON
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
AAH!
IN YOUR FACE!
DON'T FORGET BOYS, YOU'RE
IN TOON KINGDOM NOW.
AND ALL OF THE RULES
YOU'RE USED TO HAVE CHANGED.
SO I'LL REMOVE A CARD TO
NEGATE THE EFFECT OF YOUR
LAST ATTACK!
OH GREAT.
HEE HEE HEE!
Pegasus: YOU KNOW
WHAT THEY SAY:
ALL THE WORLD LOVES A TOON!
UNLESS OF COURSE YOU HAPPEN
TO BE DUELING AGAINST ONE!
ADMIT IT.
MY CARTOONS HAVE LEFT YOU
FEELING INADEQUATE, RIGHT?
UH, MAYBE?
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
BE GENTLE WITH ME.
Crowler: OH,
WHAT'S THE POINT?!
WE'LL NEVER WIN.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
TIME TO HIT THOSE
JOB-SEARCH WEBSITES.
LOST OUR CONFIDENCE HAVE WE?
DON'T WORRY, BOYS, I DON'T
BLAME YOU FOR GIVING UP.
I INVENTED THESE CARDS.
SO HOW COULD YOU BEAT ME
AT MY OWN GAME?
THE MAN MAKES AN
EXCELLENT POINT.
WE SHOULD QUIT WHILE WE
STILL HAVE OUR PRIDE.
I COULDN'T AGREE WITH
YOU GENTLEMEN MORE.
NOW DEACTIVATE YOUR DUEL
DISKS AND I'LL BE ON MY WAY.
Jaden: DON'T DO IT!
HUH?
YOU GOTTA FIGHT!
THE DUEL'S NOT OVER!
Crowler: IT MIGHT
AS WELL BE.
THAT'S NO WAY TO THINK!
YOU STILL HAVE LIFE
POINTS DON'T YOU!?
SO GET OFF YOUR BUTTS!
STUDENTS LOOK UP
TO YOU GUYS!
NOW SET A GOOD EXAMPLE!
STRANGELY ENOUGH I'M TOUCHED.
HE'S RIGHT.
WE CAN'T JUST GIVE UP!
THERE ARE STUDENTS
WATCHING US.
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
THEIR ROLE MODELS!
INSPIRED BY
A SLIFER RED?
NOW I KNOW FOR SURE
WE'RE GONNA LOSE!
THEN LET'S GO
DOWN WITH A FIGHT!
THIS ONE'S FOR THE KIDS!
HA HA HA!
YOU'RE GOING
THROUGH WITH THIS?
YOU BET!
THIS IS OUR LAST
BATTLE AT DUEL ACADEMY.
AND WE'RE GOING OUT WITH
A BANG, NOT A WHIMPER!
SPEAKING OF BANGS,
WATCH THIS!
I SACRIFICE MY TWO GEAR
SOLDIERS IN ORDER TO PLAY MY
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM!
OH NO.
A BIG SCARY MONSTER.
WHATEVER WILL I DO?
WAIT I KNOW,
ACTIVATE A TRAP CARD,
I ACTIVATE...MY
TOON BRIEFCASE!
WHEN YOU PLAY A
MONSTER...
MY TOON BRIEFCASE
AUTOMATICALLY OPENS.
SENDING YOUR MONSTER
RIGHT BACK TO YOUR DECK.
MY GOLEM!
NEVER FEAR
BONAPARTE'S HERE!
HUH?
MALFUNCTION!
I PAY FIVE
HUNDRED POINTS...
TO NEGATE THE ACTIVATION
OF YOUR TRAP CARD.
YOU GAVE UP YOUR OWN
POINTS TO SAVE MY GOLEM?
BUT OF COURSE.
AWESOME!
THEY'RE GETTIN' ALONG!
'BOUT TIME.
IT ONLY TOOK
SIX MONTHS!
OH PEGASUS?
MY TURN ISN'T OVER!
SO FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE
MY ANCIENT GEAR
FIST SPELL CARD.
NOW ATTACK HIS TOON
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
HEE HEE HEE!
HA HA HA!
AH, HEE HEE HEE!
THANKS TO MY TOON
KINGDOM...
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
IS UNHARMED.
YOU NEED A LITTLE
LESSON IN TOON-OLOGY.
'CAUSE THEY CAN'T BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE!
YOU MAY WANT TO
OPEN YOUR EYES.
HUH?
OH! AAH!
MY GEAR FIST IS
A SPELL CARD.
SO MY MOVE DOESN'T COUNT
AS A BATTLE ATTACK.
AND YOUR TOONS ARE ONLY SAFE
AGAINST DAMAGE FROM BATTLE!
HE'S GOT A POINT.
FOR A CHANGE.
FINALLY A GOOD MOVE.
I'M IMPRESSED.
NICE WORK.
YOU JUST DISPLAYED
DEDICATION.
AND GOOD TEAMWORK SKILLS.
OF COURSE NOW...I GO!
IT'S BEEN FUN, GENTLEMEN.
BUT I HAVE
A MEETING TO GET TO.
SO I'M ENDING THIS!
Pegasus: I'M AFRAID
THIS DUEL IS OVER!
NOW I ACTIVATE...
MY COMIC HAND SPELL!
THIS ALLOWS ME
TO TAKE CONTROL
OF ANY MONSTER ON YOUR
SIDE OF THE FIELD.
AAH!
BUT THERE'S MORE.
EVERY MONSTER ON MY SIDE...
TURNS INTO A CARTOON
VERSION OF ITSELF!
WHAT ON EARTH HAVE YOU
DONE TO MY GOLEM!?
I MADE HIM CUTER!
AND NEXT I REMOVE FIVE CARDS
FROM MY DECK FROM PLAY
SO THAT I CAN ACTIVATE
MY DOPPLEGANGER SPELL CARD!
NOW I CAN TAKE A CARD FROM
YOUR GRAVE...
AND MY CARTOON KITTY
WILL ADD IT TO MY HAND!
Pegasus: AND I CHOOSE YOUR
ANCIENT GEAR EXPLOSIVE!
GIVE THAT BACK!
YOU THIEVING FELINE!
NOW MY DOPPLEGANGER
MIMICS THE CARD IT STOLE!
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
YOU KNOW THE REST.
MY GEAR EXPLOSIVE
CAN BE USED
BY ANY MONSTER WITH
"ANCIENT" IN ITS NAME.
AND THEN, OF COURSE...
I'M WELL AWARE.
HALF OF GEAR GOLEM'S
ATTACK POINTS...
ARE THEN SUBTRACTED FROM
YOUR OPPONENT'S LIFE POINTS.
BRACE YOURSELF BONAPARTE.
AND WHAT'S
THAT MEAN!?
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM
HAS 3000 POINTS!
SO FIFTEEN HUNDRED
ARE COMING YOUR WAY.
MOMMY!
OH!
TOLD YOU.
Pegasus: YOUR TURN CROWLER!
ALRIGHT GEAR GOLEM!
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
AAH!
THEY LOST!
YA KNOW... CONSIDERING
THEIR OPPONENT...
THEY COULDA
DONE WORSE.
NICE TRY GUYS!
YOU ACTUALLY
WORKED TOGETHER!
KNOW WHAT?
THEM BOYS IS STARTIN'
TA GROW ON ME.
WORKING AT INDUSTRIAL
ILLUSIONS
ISN'T ABOUT DUELING...
IT'S ABOUT DEDICATION,
WORKING TOGETHER,
AND NEVER GIVING UP.
D'YOU MEAN...?
WE DON'T HAVE TO GO
ON UNEMPLOYMENT!
SO YOU TWO ARE
REALLY GONNA LEAVE?
IT WON'T BE THE
SAME WITHOUT YA.
YOU GUYS ARE UNIQUE.
HECK, I MIGHT MISS YA.
ONWARDS AND UPWARDS!
YOU MAY BE A BUNCH
'A SLACKERS...
BUT I'M ALWAYS
GONNA REMEMBER YOU KIDS.
AW SHUCKS.
HA HA HA!
OK. CAN I
PUKE NOW!?
CHANCELLOR
SHEPPARD ALERT!
HUH?
THERE YOU ARE
PEGASUS!
SORRY CHANCELLOR,
I GOT A BIT HUNG UP.
HUNG UP WITH WHAT?
WHAT ON EARTH IS
GOIN' ON?!
WELL SINCE YOU
DECIDED TO FIRE
CROWLER AND BONAPARTE...
THEY WERE DUELING AGAINST
PEGASUS TO GET A NEW
JOB WITH HIM.
HUH?
HOW COULD YOU, SIR?
AND WITHOUT TWO
WEEKS' NOTICE.
OR A SEVERANCE PACKAGE.
SETTLE THIS ON
YOUR OWN TIME!
WHICH YOU'LL HAVE PLENTY OF,
'CAUSE I WANT YOU OUT!
AND DON'T COME BACK!
I WASN'T, UH...
I WASN'T
FIRING YOU, I WAS...
I HAD A LOT ON MY MIND
AND I LOST MY TEMPER.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
HUH?
OH MY DEAR GENTLEMEN!
YOU'RE BOTH SO DEDICATED
TO YOUR STUDENTS!
YOU DON'T WANNA WORK FOR ME!
THIS IS WHERE YOU BELONG!
NO IT'S NOT.
YOU'VE GOT HIGHER PAY.
AND A BETTER
RETIREMENT PLAN, TOO!
PLEASE TAKE US.
Jaden: THIS IS
AWESOME, ISN'T IT?!
AH, YOU BETCHA.
YUP.
MY THOUGHTS EXACTLY.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪